public/backend/plugins/jquery-validation/README.md, before:

[jQuery Validation Plugin](http://bassistance.de/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-validation/) - Form validation made easy
================================

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/jzaefferer/jquery-validation.png)](http://travis-ci.org/jzaefferer/jquery-validation)

The jQuery Validation Plugin provides drop-in validation for your existing forms, while making all kinds of customizations to fit your application really easy.

## [Help the project](http://pledgie.com/campaigns/18159)

[![Help the project](http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/18159.png?skin_name=chrome)](http://pledgie.com/campaigns/18159)

This project is looking for help! [You can donate to the ongoing pledgie campaign](http://pledgie.com/campaigns/18159)
and help spread the word. If you've used the plugin, or plan to use, consider a donation - any amount will help.

You can find the plan for how to spend the money on the [pledgie page](http://pledgie.com/campaigns/18159).

## Getting Started

Include jQuery and the plugin on a page. Then select a form to validate and call the `validate` method.

```html
<form>
	<input required>
</form>
<script src="jquery.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.validation.js"></script>
<script>
$("form").validate();
</script>
```

For more information on how to setup a rules and customizations, [check the documentation](http://docs.jquery.com/Plugins/Validation).

## Contributing
Follow the [jQuery style guide](http://contribute.jquery.com/style-guides/js), even if existing code doesn't. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

If you've wrote custom methods that you'd like to contribute to additional-methods.js, create a branch, add the method there and send a pull request for that branch.

## License
Copyright (c) 2013 Jörn Zaefferer
Licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Changed the metronic version. Changed the classes to correspond to the last metronic version. Improved the overal template structure.

public/backend/plugins/jquery-validation/README.md, after:

[jQuery Validation Plugin](http://jqueryvalidation.org/) - Form validation made easy
================================

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/jzaefferer/jquery-validation.png)](http://travis-ci.org/jzaefferer/jquery-validation)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/jzaefferer/jquery-validation/dev-status.png?theme=shields.io)](https://david-dm.org/jzaefferer/jquery-validation#info=devDependencies)

The jQuery Validation Plugin provides drop-in validation for your existing forms, while making all kinds of customizations to fit your application really easy.

## [Help the project](http://pledgie.com/campaigns/18159)

[![Help the project](http://www.pledgie.com/campaigns/18159.png?skin_name=chrome)](http://pledgie.com/campaigns/18159)

This project is looking for help! [You can donate to the ongoing pledgie campaign](http://pledgie.com/campaigns/18159)
and help spread the word. If you've used the plugin, or plan to use, consider a donation - any amount will help.

You can find the plan for how to spend the money on the [pledgie page](http://pledgie.com/campaigns/18159).

## Getting Started

### Downloading the prebuilt files

Prebuilt files can be downloaded from http://jqueryvalidation.org/

### Downloading the latest changes

The unreleased development files can be obtained by:

 1. [Downloading](https://github.com/jzaefferer/jquery-validation/archive/master.zip) or Forking this repository
 2. [Setup the build](CONTRIBUTING.md#build-setup)
 3. Run `grunt` to create the built files in the "dist" directory

### Including it on your page

Include jQuery and the plugin on a page. Then select a form to validate and call the `validate` method.

```html
<form>
	<input required>
</form>
<script src="jquery.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.validation.js"></script>
<script>
$("form").validate();
</script>
```

For more information on how to setup a rules and customizations, [check the documentation](http://jqueryvalidation.org/documentation/).

## Reporting an Issue

1. Make sure the problem you're addressing is reproducible.
2. Use http://jsbin.com or http://jsfiddle.net to provide a test page.
3. Indicate what browsers the issue can be reproduced in. **Note: IE Compatibilty modes issues will not be addressed.**
4. What version of the plug-in is the issue reproducible in. Is it reproducible after updating to the latest version.

## Contributing

See the [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## License
Copyright (c) 2013 Jörn Zaefferer
Licensed under the MIT license.
